I can't do it anymore.
Brother, since you can save me
I promise I will hurt my body well in the future
This is like what we do
If so
You transfer 30% of Xiao's shares in your name to me
How to prepare
I already gave you Xiao's patent at the beginning.
You're going to the bandits again now
Do you still want to choose my way of life?
What happened to you?
Nonsense here you shut up
Tell him
I asked you to return the shares to me for your own good.
Otherwise, with your current crime
You're just waiting to wear the brush through
Think for yourself
Hahahaha
This is my goddaughter
Don't worry, godmother won't ignore you.
Hahahaha
I robbed the Xiao family
You want to take the shares?
I'm afraid you have the life to take the life flower
Imperial sister
I want to listen to my old songs
You have your own browsing area, a whole bunch
You are still alive
I think I'm not your product.
No husband
This time we want to win
win-win
What do you win
I have filed for divorce with the law
You're not going to pay my taxes.
If I say this time the target is Su Shi
Pardon me?
Husband is not as angry as you revoke the gift first.
After all, we are the only husband and wife
Only then can you get a cup of Su Shi's